Update quote_character.md (#55)
dotenv-linter/dotenv-linter.github.io: docs/checks/quote_character.md

# Quote Character

> Detects if a value contains quote characters (`'` / `"`) but skips if the value is multi-line, contains whitespaces, newline characters or comments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detects if a value contains quote characters (`'` / `"`) but skips if the value is multi-line, contains whitespaces, newline characters or hash-signs:
```
